"Scuff marks huh? Maybe if I shift this... Ah!"
"The hell is this? Obscure and hidden, therefore probably important!"
"Ah, cheap light killers. I remember breaking these in my dorm, worst hangover ever."
"Thank god these are relatively sturdy."
"Fuck! What was that thing? I think it's checking around, might move on soon."
"Stay out!"
"Urk- Yep, natural light still hurts."
"All clear."
"Fuck!"
"Shit! It's still there!"
"I thought there was someone out there..."
"Where is it?"
"Who the hell is that... are they watching me?"
"It's a ways away..."
"It's moved..."
"It's just outside..."
"Fucking hell, it's worse up close!"
"I can't see past this augment-freak!"
"Nice... Spooky hallway, classic dorms."
"Nothing there..."
"Oh fuck, it's right there! I need to lock it out till it leaves!"
"It's right there!"
"Could probably overide the lock-system to keep it shut with the ICE-Breaker."
"Oh it does work, better watch the power though!"
"Best to save power, I don't see any batteries around."
"Unlocked..."
"Who can keep a decorative plant these days? Oh, right, rich folk."
"Hmm, some of the dirt's mushed into the carpet."
“Now that’s an old trick. Wonder who the little punk learned this mistake from?”
"But seriously, an analogue key? I mean I guess it can't be hacked."
“Cabinets… Cabinets… How come just one has a keypad?”
"I need a code..."
"Hmm, I don't think I have the time to brute-force this."
"There we are, now what's that lock hiding?"
“Another fucking code, this looks like a password too! Honestly this kid deserves to be robbed.”
“Kid puts all that hard-ICE on the PC and leaves a code here? Too much money, too little sense.”
“This'll probably be useful.” View-shot saved
"I can't believe students still have to use physical books."
"Mostly architecture books here, funny wee box too."
“A wee lockbox? Nnngh- okay, not actually worthless, looks like it needs an… analogue key?”
“The key works… God, Rigg would mald if she saw this cheap crap."
"Egotistical brat, a business card with his handle?"
"Right, a system lock, I'm not getting through this with the ICE-Breaker, gonna have to scavenge for this one."
"Just need the name and password, if Oakley was half honest this won't be too hard."
"Uhmm, don't have any ideas yet. I should look around, get a sense of this 'Craig' guy."
"Still not getting it... maybe he's written it down somewhere, nice n' conveniant."
"Ugh... I doubt even this kid's dumb enough to make his password- 'password'."
"Right, password was probably the hard bit. But the name... kid's too terminally online to use his own."
"Reckon this handle's probably the username, bet he's got the password written down too."
"That shoudn't have worked, hopefully the kid'll learn from this and fix his security."
"No way this isn't the password, now where's he gonna have his username written down?"
"That shoudn't have worked, hopefully the kid'll learn from this and fix his security."
"Few things here... file's supposed to be something corporate from Henderson's."
"Alright, downloading to personally memory. Shit this IS big, gonna take some time, shit shit shit!"
"Huh? Dammit, a download-lock! I need to check the PC."
"Red circles? Ah, probably an AI test, probably need to invert them all."
"Huh? Oh shit, a download-lock! Ah, probably an AI test, probably need to invert them all.
"Ugh... I have a feeling there'll be more of those."